/*Users of this program can display certain stats for the Notre Dame football team from 1900 until 2016. Users have the option to see the record for a chosen year, the years with a certain number of wins, the years with a certain number of losses, the years with a winning record, and the years with a winning record. Users are first prompted to select what they want to do with a number. Users who choose to display the record are then prompted to enter the year they want to see the record for and the wins and losses of that year are displayed for them. Users who choose to see the years with a minimum number of wins or losses are prompted to choose the minimum number of wins or losses they want to see the years for and those years are displayed after they choose. Users who choose to see the years with winning or losing records are not reprompted and the years with winning or losing records are displayed depending on which they chose (winning or losing).*/
/*This program takes user input for what they want to do and sets their choice to a variable "choice". The program also verifies that the user entered a choice that was an option to them and not a number that was above or below the option numbers. The program then calls the appropriate function to perform the task desired from the user. After the program does the task the user chose, the program reprompts the user to choose another task until the user chooses the exit option. When the user chooses to see the record for a given year the program takes the user's chosen year and, after verifying that it is a year represented in the array, displays the value of the element the year represents. The element the chose year represents is at the element that is -1900 from the user's input. The program displays the element represented by the year from the wins array and the losses array so the program displays the record. When the user chooses to display the years with their chosen minimum number of losses, the program loops through the entire losses array using a while loop and sets a variable to equal the value of the array at the current element. Then the program checks if the value at this element is greater than the users desired number of losses with an if statement and the program displays the year/element+1900 of the elements in the losses array with the number of losses or greater that the user chose. Then the program moves to the next element in the losses array until it goes through the whole array and it tests each value. The program uses the same process to find the years with a certain minimum number of wins but it uses the wins array instead of the losses array. When the user chooses to see the years with a losing season, the program calls the appropriate function which uses a while loop to loop through the entire array of both wins and losses. The while loop assigns the current element's value to a variable loss or win (according to which array it is). Then the program uses an if statement to test whether the current element of the losses array is bigger than the current element of the wins array. If the losses value is greater than the wins value the program displays the year because this year had a losing season. Then the program moves to the next element in the array and repeats this process through the whole array. The program uses this same process when the user chooses to see winning season years but displays years where the value in the wins array is larger than the value in the losses array.*/
/*I verified the output of the program was correct by checking the appropriate stats from the data given to us from wikipedia and the wins and losses arrays. I verified multiple years or numbers for each option and determined they were accurate years/values. */
