/*1.The user can input a number 1-5 based on what type of math operation they want to do. The user enters a number and then enters the two number they want to see perform the operation (addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division). Then they get back the equation with the solution, so if the user chose multiplication and entered 3 and 5, they get back "(3) * (5) = 15. Then the user is prompted again to select and operation or quit the program and is prompted until they quit by pressing 5.
2. The program first initialize the functions I created for each operation. Then, in the main function, the program pormpts the user to input what type of operation they want to perform based on choices set to numbers 1-5 and sets this input to the variable choice. If the user enters a number that is not between 1 and 5 then the program reprompts the user until they enter a number between 1 and 5. Then the program uses a while loop to track whether the user exits or not because the input to exit is 5 so while the user doesn't enter 5, the loop runs. The while loop includes if statements which are used based on what the users choice of operations is. Each if statement corresponds to a possible operation the user can perform and calls the respective function created for that operation. There is also another if statement for if the user enters a number that is not between 1 and 5. The functions for each operation take the user's inputted numbers and perform the desired operation and set the new value to a variable 'c' which is returned to the main function when one of these operation functions is called in the main function. Then the function displays the operation it performed with the user's inputted values in the equation and the 'c' variable which is the answer to the equation and it asks the user for the next input until they enter 5. Once the user enters 5, the program exits the while loop and thanks the user.
3. I verified the output of the program by performing multiple trials of each type of operation and trials changing operations every time and ensured that the calculated value the program outputs was correct. I also checked that when a user enters a number that isn't an option assigned to an operation that the program reprompts the user to enter a number in the correct range. I also made sure that the program ends when the user enters 5 as an choice. */
